Make sure it integrates into github through CI/CD

GITHUB integration make sure everything is laid out

second part establishign database, it has a database already,  

work off the database, create the basic model, then architecture,  develop web pages, then after the basic webpages, login, register, readme, then create non-managed expo app

start develping na app version

then a middleman a provider that integrates the frontend and backend. nothign gets stored in the fronten, not webview rendering. web based hosting. then the app is not going to have anything outside the necessary web view and triggers. the app will be a shell, the shell will ask the webhook "I am app this is my version, this is the info I have stored, what do i do? then its going to prompt the backend. You need to update your app. then everything will come out through the app view. thiese are the web apis you're goign to use. this is the middleman

the logic will be built by micro services,  that handles each a single job. then triggered on a request

App itself will be seperate project. middleman will be the mainframe. the main frame will be gigantic project that envelop everything aside from services. 

then when we get to a point that we can publish it 

create dynamic models stay away from relational models. everything is a blob of dat3a instead of a datasctructure. but we can handle all the data handling through services. 
reason why we don't want relatoinal model because its hard to update

everything we do it must update on version. there will be multiple versions of the app, all the updates over the air. unmanaged expo project. it will always take an api. never shutdown the api until we fix a vulnerablity

app data management - i want everything removed from the app, no data storage, 24 hours. basic cookie for the website for log ins. authentication yes not authorize. 

basic middle man manager. all sort of data backend. backend heavy architecture. 

a lot of non essential calculations will be done on the frontend webvew. outsourced to the devices. reduce the amount of calculations on our server


remove the jra format thing. its causing issues where merges are looking for jira tickets but obviously theres no jria tickets 

rmeove python unit tests

remove run angular unit test  

remove playwright and docker tests

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


shared secret between github actions and replit backend webhook = 377a545517d3e782710427ea8aad51241295a75f56e53dc6d4839c5b9b9c81b3