work off the database, create the basic model, then architecture,  develop web pages, then after the basic webpages, login, register, readme, then create non-managed expo app

start develping na app version

then a middleman a provider that integrates the frontend and backend. nothign gets stored in the fronten, not webview rendering. web based hosting. then the app is not going to have anything outside the necessary web view and triggers. the app will be a shell, the shell will ask the webhook "I am app this is my version, this is the info I have stored, what do i do? then its going to prompt the backend. You need to update your app. then everything will come out through the app view. thiese are the web apis you're goign to use. this is the middleman

The logic will be built by micro services that handle each single job. then triggered on a request

The app itself will be seperate project. middleman will be the mainframe. the main frame will be gigantic project that envelops everything aside from services. 

then when we get to a point that we can publish it 

create dynamic models and stay away from relational models. everything is a blob of dat3a instead of a data structure. but we can handle all the data handling through services. 
reason why we don't want relational model because its hard to update

everything we do it must update on version. there will be multiple versions of the app, all the updates over the air. unmanaged expo project. it will always take an api. never shutdown the api until we fix a vulnerability

app data management - i want everything removed from the app, no data storage, 24 hours. basic cookie for the website for log ins. authentication yes not authorize. 

basic middle man manager. all sort of data backend. backend heavy architecture. 

a lot of non essential calculations will be done on the frontend webvew. outsourced to the devices. reduce the amount of calculations on our server


remove the jra format thing. its causing issues where merges are looking for jira tickets but obviously theres no jria tickets 

remove python unit tests

remove run angular unit test  

remove playwright and docker tests

Set up github actions 

Db - leave for next week to look at replit documentation

Basic web pages, log in, register, look at database and start at the mainframe middleman - api call that handles api calls 

Graphql
Basic backend, use replit for the frontend, use plan mode instead of building mode, plan first see what it tells you. Simple login, some basic terms and agreements of use, base 64 password, be able to view password, have ability to view it. Log in, read me web view that opens another window with readme files,catered to mobile. Website easy translatable to mobile
Webpage and mobile first, iphone 16 target
THEN middleware, backend

Uber login uber design
Main screen
Log in page
Basic authentication
, then website for crm, 
authorization/authentication/need to know basis, 
Two facing apps, customers, service providers, hair dressers
Physical address
License if required
Background check
Create test first to see if replit can create something to pass teh test and self corrects.

Main page 
List of basic services. Call the first one beauty. With area search. The rest leave it alone
Two pages one for log in and registering for client and customers
Second is the enterprise
Then crm for managing accounts 
Then we cna create service providers, busines providers 
Then we can have customize this window, like the first landing page. First we have to have a business before we find it. 
Temporary landing page 
Then mobile app to showcase
Then business service providers
Bare minimum
Connect stripe, set your business with us then integrate txt messages
Then build service providers
Then go to consumers
Then styling for customers
Customers want simple thing 

Step 1 
Log in, email, and password
Phone native build the key forms for the most popular phone resolutions
Log in page and sign up page
And main page 
Incorporate google maps later 
Create tests for web pages and ai has to pass those tests and can do that with playwright. Shifting left approach
Step 2
Add cookies to handle cookie data to send sessions. 24 hour log in session 
Device id, should not be able to log in using anything. For example if i log in with my phone i that session token will only work with my phone and not my desktop
Step 3
Create a middleware when the page loads it loads the middle ware, it send the version 
